Ckan 2.9 upgrade (#46)
data-govt-nz/ckanext-security: README.md

* Two Factor Authentication is enforced for all users
* Preventing upload/linking of certain file types for resources

**Please note**:

> * This extension has been used and tested against CKAN version 2.7.x. Using it in the context of CKAN 2.8 or higher versions may not work fully. If you are wanting to use this extension in other CKAN versions and you do strike issues, the maintainers would be happy to accept contributions to fix anything you find. Please raise an issue or open a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This extension has been used and tested against CKAN version 2.7.x. Using it in the context of CKAN 2.8 or higher versions may not work fully. If you want to use this extension in other CKAN versions and you find issues, the maintainers would be happy to accept contributions to fix anything you find. Please raise an issue or open a pull request.
```

Links are only checked based on the extension in the url, we do not request the file at the linked url to infer the mime type.

## Requirements
* The CSRFMiddleware needs to be placed at the bottom of the middleware
stack. This requires to patch `ckan.config.middleware.pylons_app`. The patch is
currently available in the data.govt.nz [CKAN repository](https://github.com/data-govt-nz/ckan/) on the `dia` branch,

> or [commit `74f78865`](https://github.com/data-govt-nz/ckan/commit/74f78865b8825c91d1dfe6b189228f4b975610a3) for cherry-pick.

Reviewer: This patch is still needed, might need to update the the reference for flask support too.
